Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
Why did the computer go to therapy? It had too many bytes of emotional baggage.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands and fingers.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I used to be a baker because I kneaded dough.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta!
Why don't oysters donate to charity? Because they are shellfish!
How do you organize a space party? You planet!
Why did the scarecrow become a successful politician? Because he was outstanding in his field!
What do you call a fish wearing a crown? A kingfish!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems.
What's a vampire's favorite fruit? A blood orange!
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Why did the computer keep its drink on the windowsill? Because it wanted a cold draft.
What's a skeleton's least favorite room in the house? The living room.
How does a snowman get around? By riding an icicle!
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh!
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener!
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite!
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut!